[RA1 Ch06] System Hardening, password policy (#1855)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/openstack/chapters/chapter06.md

### 6.3.2 System Hardening
All infrastructure should undergo system hardening, establishes processes to govern the hardening, and documents to cover at a minimal for the following areas:

> #### 6.3.2.1 Password policy

Reviewer: Should we have a policy on 
- frequency of password changes?
- restriction on the reuse of old passwords?
- restriction on use of common words, common names of places, things, name of the component, user, etc.?

Author: @pgoyal01 As it is not testable within CNTT conformance context, we can add into best pratices recommendations. 
I am looking for a common reference document we could add here

Author: @goyal The CIS password policy guide is a good document for these recommendations

For all infrastructure components, passwords must be hardened and a strict password policy must be applied (req.sec.gen.002).

> Passwords must be strengthen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passwords must be strengthened:
```

-	All vendors default passwords must be changed
-	Passwords must contain at least 8 characters

> -	Passwords must contain at least one upper case letter, one lower case letter and one non-alphabetic character

Reviewer: should we have: 
```suggestion
-	Passwords must contain at least one upper case letter, one lower case letter, one numeral and one special (non-alphanumeric) character.
```

Author: @pgoyal01  In my view, it was the minimal requirement for passwords for all kind of accounts. For administration, the password can be strenghtened as you proposed.
Can it be fine to add a difference between users with or without administration privileges?

Reviewer: @karinesevilla Yes -- that would be better

Author: @goyal Done, 'Administration privileges accounts'  added

> For passwords updates, the identity of users must be verified before providing new passwords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For passwords updates, the identity of users must be verified before permitting a password change.
```

> Passwords must be securely stored and transmit in an encrypted format. Password files must be stored separately from application system data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passwords must be encrypted at rest and in-transit. Password files must be stored separately from component and user data.
```

Author: @pgoyal01 I agree with the change proposed for the first sentence "Passwords must be encrypted at rest and in-transit.", but I prefer to keep "from application system data"

Reviewer: @karinesevilla That is fine

For all infrastructure components, passwords must be hardened and a strict password policy must be applied (req.sec.gen.002).

Passwords must be strengthened:
- All vendors default passwords must be changed
- Passwords must contain at least 8 characters as a minimal value, 14 characters length passwords are recommended
- Passwords must contain at least one upper case letter, one lower case letter and one non-alphabetic character
- For administration privileges accounts, passwords must contain at least one upper case letter, one lower case letter, one numeral and one special (non-alphanumeric) character   

For passwords updates, the identity of users must be verified before permitting a password change.

Passwords must be encrypted at rest and in-transit. Password files must be stored separately from application system data.

> Password's composition, complexity and policy should follow the recommendations consolidated within the CIS Password Policy guide(https://www.cisecurity.org/white-papers/cis-password-policy-guide/) such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Password's composition, complexity and policy should follow the recommendations consolidated within the [CIS Password Policy guide](https://www.cisecurity.org/white-papers/cis-password-policy-guide/) such as:
```

> - Check the password for known bad passwords(repetitive or sequential characters, dictionary words, context-specific words, previously used passwords...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check the password for known bad passwords (repetitive or sequential characters, dictionary words, context-specific words, previously used passwords, etc.)
```

> - Limit failed login attempts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Limit number of failed login attempts
```

- Implement Multi-factor Authentication

> - Yearly password change or on key events e.g. indication of compromise, change of user roles, when  user leaves the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Periodic (for example, Yearly, Quarterly, etc.)  password change or on key events such as indication of compromise, change of user roles, a defined period of inactivity, when a user leaves the organization, etc..
```
